Guitar Reference         -    Printer driver manual

This is a technical manual  to  allow  you  to create your own printer
drivers. If you  want  to  either  amend  the  ones  provided with the
program or create a new one from scratch.

This file need not be  read  by  the  normal  user  unless you want to
create a printer driver.

The printer driver file is a  normal  ascii  text file, with each line
ending with a line feed.

A comment line begins with a % and  the comment lasts until the end of
the line, as an example.

% this line is a comment
% so is this one.

There are a number  of  commands  stored  in  the printer driver file.
These all begin with a  two  character  code  and  are followed by the
commands data and end in a  full  stop.  Multiple data items should be
separated by comments.

The data items can be either,  a  number, or a quoted character string
of any length.

Numbers are generally used to represent  those items which do not have
an ascii equivalent.

The commands are as follows.

NM - Printer driver name.
LF - Line Feed.
NP - New Page.
FS - Graphic printed for a normal fret bar.
F1 - Graphic printed for a fret bar on the first string.
F6 - Graphic printed for a fret bar on the sixth string.
SS - Graphic printed to represent a string.
NS - Graphic printed to represent a note.
RS - Graphic printed to represent a root note.
LS - Graphic printed to represent a relative symbol.
NL - Graphic printed to represent a normal note and a relative note.
RL - Graphic printed to represent a root note and a relative note.
NN - Graphic printed to represent no note - typically a string.
SP - Graphic printed to represent a space.
FD - the fret description for a normal fret
F0 - the fret description for open notes.

The driver file must end with the following text

END DRIVER

All text after the END DRIVER text is ignored.

The fret descriptions tell the program  what  to print when printing a
note, they take the form of  a  quoted string containing the following
characters.

| - this represents a fret bar
- - this represents a string symbol
  - space represents a space
o - represents a note.

Use the supplied printer driver  files  as  examples for creating your
own. The standard is not fixed and may change with time.

If any of the commands are  not  present  then the default text driver
command is used. See the EPSTEXT.DRV file for details.

